hey guys welcome back to my channel so
today I'm super excited because it is
the premiere of pretty little liars
season 4 and we have waited forever well
actually you guys have waited longer
than me because I only started watching
the show few months back when I was sick
and I washed off three seasons in about
a week that's how obsessed I am with the
show the reason why I'm doing a whole
series dedicated to pretty that Liars is
a because I'm such a huge fan of the
show and B because i really admire their
makeup artists cindy and also the status
of the show i think they do a fantastic
job at really incorporating the girls
personalities into their looks and i
think that's really important when it
comes to makeup and styling so yeah
that's pretty much it i hope you guys
like the series first stop is Emily
fields and Emily's look is very natural
very fresh faced look sometimes she kind
of goes for a brand smoky I put her kind
of everyday go to look is very natural
and because she's quite sporty and a
little bit of a tomboy as well so I also
picked an outfit that I thought that she
might wear or something that she might
go for but also incorporating my own
style into her look so and yeah that's
pretty much it guys I hope you like the
series and thank you so much for
watching hi guys emily is a big fan a
very natural makeup she has gorgeous
sunkissed skin and she usually goes for
bronzers in the eyes and peachy pink
cheeks and very natural lips now's the
out time you will see her with the brown
smokey eye but most of the time she
really goes for a very natural look so
on my face instead of using foundation
I'm using a BB cream which actually
evens out your skin texture and tone and
it's also full of me
humans are minerals and it also includes
SPF then i'm applying some concealer
under my eyes and on my eyelids i will
later powder the eyelids and this will
act as a primer for my eyes I'm using
the first color in my sleek concealer
palette and this is actually a color
corrector and I'm just applying this
under my eyes just to draw some light to
that area Cindy mostly uses amazing
cosmetics concealers and also a bit of
clinic so next I'm taking a foundation
which is a shade darker than what I
normally use and I'm using this as a
contour instead of using a powder and
the reason why I'm doing this is because
it's going to give me a more natural sun
kissed glow and like I said earlier
emily has a gorgeous sunkissed glow to
her skin so I wanted to stay away from
using too many powders for this look so
next I'm just going to set my BB cream
and my considers with some powder i'm
using my blank canvas cosmetics palette
and i'm just i'm also going to set the
concealer on my eyelids and i'm just
going to powder any areas where i feel
needs a bit of coverage next i'm just
going to fill in my brows emily has
gorgeous brows so I'm really going to
fill mine in I'm using like trees brow
pencil and it's got a little spooley on
the other side which is great for
blending out the pencil next I'm taking
my Emmy way undress palette and I'm
taking my normal brown mid tone color
and I'm just sweeping it back and forth
across my crease and when I'm finished
that I'm just going to use whatever is
left on my brush just to sweep it across
my lid to give it a wash of color Cindy
uses obsessive compulsive cosmetics on
Emily she uses the brown pigments and
she also uses stila palettes
unfortunately Cindy wasn't allowed to
give out any information on products she
used for season 4 however I did find out
what products
use on the girls for the last three
series so I'm really excited about that
and I will be giving you as much
information as I can but make sure that
you follow her on Twitter she will be
tweeting pictures every now and again on
what she used
I'm also going to take my mid-tone color
and just sweep it across my lower lash
line again just give me a wash of color
then taking my benefit palette her name
was Lola I'm going to take the first
shimmery pearl color and apply to the
inner corners of my lid and this is
really going to open my eyes then lastly
I'm going to go in and take the very
dark brown color from the same palette
and I'm just going to apply this with a
flat shader brush on the center of my
lid and blend out with the blending
brush and again this is just to give a
wash of color to my lids and it's also
got a gorgeous shimmer going through it
which I absolutely love and I think this
is a color that Emily would definitely
wear it's actually very similar to the
obsessive compulsive cosmetics brown
pigment that Cindy uses on Emily
and then I'm going to go back into the
pearl eyeshadow and just apply this on
my brow bone with my finger and blend it
out then I'm just going to press some
black eyeshadow into the base of my
lashes you guys know I always do this it
just makes my eyelashes look thicker and
darker and longer as well and they've
done and then I'm going to finish off
with some mascara I'm using the benefits
bad girl mascara and as far as i know i
think cindy said that she uses this as
well or she definitely uses the eyeliner
but i'm not sure about the mascara then
i'm going to take my benefit coralista
blush and cindy does use this blush on
Emily she also uses NARS orgasm
for my lips I could either go for a
peachy pink shade or a coral shade
because i use the benefit coralista
blush and gotta go for revlon's color
reef and which is a coral lip gloss and
it's really pigmented so I'm just going
to blend it out with my finger Cindy
uses a mixture of lip stains and lip
glosses on Emily she mostly uses
obsessive-compulsive lip tars in coral
she also uses the tart lip stains and
benefit coralista and Dallas lip glosses
and last thing I'm just finishing off
with a bit of highlight on my cheekbone
to give me an extra dewy glow and for my
outfit I am wearing this oversized coral
tea which is from Primark this is a
t-shirt that I could definitely see
Emily wearing I paired it with forever
21 cropped jeans will actually they're
full of jeans and I roll them up made
them into crop jeans I finished off the
look with some white pencils for a more
casual laid-back look and a shoulder bag
and that's pretty much it guys thank you
so much for watching bye